Arquillian docs improvements (#138)
payara/Payara-Enterprise-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/ecosystem/arquillian-containers/payara-server-managed.adoc

| `server`

| `type`
| If set to `osgi`, the component is packaged as an OSGi bundle. If the component is packaged as a regular archive, do not set this option.
| 
|===

NOTE: The context root that will be used to run the tests is also retrieved automatically from the DAS server. If you do not have a `sun-web.xml`, `glassfish-web.xml` or `payara-web.xml` file in your web application, Payara will use the name of your deployment without the extension as context root. The same rule is applied for enterprise applications if there is no `application.xml` file. The jar test-deployments are treated as a web application. You can use the above standard GlassFish / Payara XML files as normal to declare your context root to be applied. You should consider the above description to avoid any conflict with your already deployed web or enterprise applications in your administrative domain. 

[[examples]]
== Examples

[[configure-example]]

> === Exampe Configuration

Reviewer: Typo at "Exampe"

Author: ```suggestion
=== Example Configuration
```

    <container qualifier="payara" default="true">
        <configuration>
            <property name="adminPort">4848</property>
            <property name="adminPassword">${my.admin.password}</property>
        </configuration>
    </container>
</arquillian>
----

If you want to configure more containers, you can switch between them by setting the `arquillian.launch` system property to the container's qualifier. This is how you can do it with the maven `surefire` plugin (`my.admin.password` system property is used to set the `adminPassword` property in `arquillian.xml`):

[source,XML]
.Example Surefire plugin configuration in a `pom.xml` file
----
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
    <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
    <configuration>
        <systemPropertyVariables>
            <arquillian.launch>payara</arquillian.launch>
            <payara.home>/path/to/payara</payara.home>
            <my.admin.password>mypassword</my.admin.password>
        </systemPropertyVariables>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
----

[[automatic-download-example]]
### Downloading Payara Server automatically from Maven

> You can configure your Maven project to automatically download and install the Payara Server needed by the Arquillian plugin

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure your Maven project to automatically download and install the Payara Server needed by the Arquillian plugin.
```

> You can automate downloading and installing Payara Server with maven so that the Arquillian plugin can be automatically configured and used without installing Payara Server manually.

Reviewer: Bit of a hard read, better to state: "You can configure your Maven project to automatically download and install the Payara Server needed by the Arquillian plugin"

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure your Maven project to automatically download and install the Payara Server needed by the Arquillian plugin
```
